The Top 10 most frequent Start Station Id's are now displayed and color coded by Start Station Name. T2b shows that 1 Ave & E 68 St and 12 Ave & W 40 St are the most popular Starting Bike Stations with 13,875 and 13,225 Bike Users, retrospectively in the month of September 2020 alone. 

The bar chart below now displays the Top 10 most popular End Station Id's and color coded to show the End Station Name. T2B shows that W 21 St & 6 Ave and West St & Chambers St are the most popular End Stations with 13,967 and 13,783 Bike Users, retrospectively. When compared to the T2B Starting Locations, it can be noted that they are different. 

When analyzing the demographic age information, the most popular Bike User Age group is 51. The majority of these users are also Customers, not Subscribers. If you view the largest Subscriber Age Group, 32 and 30 are amongst the highest. When thinking about Psychographic behavior of Millennials, they are known for their Subscriber culture so seeing this age group amongst the highest makes sense. Also, Millennials tend to be more environmentally conscious so using a bike compared to other forms of high pollution emissions is another product benefit of Citi Bike. Please note, outliers where present in this data. I removed age groups over 80 to show a better representation of the data.  

When viewing UserType compared to the entire dataset, Subscribers make up the majority or 69% of the total Bike Users with the remaining 31% being Customers. This is a very important statistic in order for Citi Bike to understand their UserTypes. Customer Retention should one of their main marketing spends due to the fact that a majority of their revenue is made of their Subscribers. 
